one hundred billion dollars in style revenge
ki in the same cost arouse and aggression against
Ukraine today in our stock market
the primary of the grid remained
catastrophic ovaltine paper and
righteous Russian companies in wasted
Japanese women weave 15 and more
hit Gazprom and Sberbank record
a fall of 100 new and the ruble and its course
yes I'm lying skimping up to the historic
minimum cause and such a crash experts
called the most aggression against Ukraine g
through c investors massively sell
Russian assets are a pity because I suffer
and Ukrainian economy level today at
interbank lost
to us dollar 90 kopecks problems and
Windu banks here are these corners of the stomach
issue good order economists remember
Ukraine fit these
and most importantly if you are resolving a conflict with
Russia you view exactly what our contribution and
the economy
Grove cool peak we still crash
anti Ukrainian Putin aggression
disastrously dismissed the Russian
financial system
today stock market mill
suicide and for us the biggest ip dragon
com extracts up to 100 billion
dollars funnel itself stock indexes
Russian exchanges repaired titanium with
most affected by Gazprom then Sberbank
their asset did not fall on 15 500 kit collapse
sprache and whined and but I know investors
These bees have let a lot of well in
All-Russia then they go across
leave before economical
Isolator market isolation decipher
the words of the passage price of the project said barracks
Obama where the wines are saying Russia pay
price bill ocean project iran loved duzhe
read your mind understand your Russia
today protected wound scarlet
also supported from the skin and supposedly
whist you can soon you keep you
web following the stock he was in no hurry
rubles today the Russian currency beat
records falling to the euro string learn
his dollar of skis is not the prime minister of russia
on in better
Beskova aggression better angles lasha fangs
problems of the Russian economy
links and light of spirit and in Russia since
economic recession and mean that the whole
the model that used this power
over the past
7 years there she completely exhausted herself
tension in the Russian Federation will be
grow and things like finding external
the enemy
to justify the problem three countries it
the usual thing dictatorial modes of sight
comical problems of russia and while terrible and
Ukraine games me continued today
fall in spending even before the blame that having bought
to dollar ruby docks american
currency sell at 10 6 euros for 15 but
sorry watch living and all banks with to
the scope of these banks diy withdrawal limit
And voucher for this in Bhutan for ski
study and banks of Ukraine for calm
here you know the problems are rich in alla
Power not get threaten about the expelled
so far this unique bank is developing
new ones
ruling which allow
commercial banks to take money in
If necessary, I am sure that now
will this investment be our country
it will be hard it will certainly be hard
also countries are in a difficult situation
but I see very good prospects for
development of our country
the wire is about down on better political and
financially Peter them this Ukraine already
stated in the us and in the european union
she had already promised just reform
about other big now he ports
fluids go through with international currency
by the fund
contributions from a lot of game soup Ukraine as a result of
and international investors and although shelf
above us and our economy
thinks over thunderstorms risky protesting not
you have a view on the forehead chief Ukraine bachit
successful Ukraine and you do not have hardening
tier catch you that is a dog still on
a letter from Ukraine is possible
develop on the pit market at all
civilized crying out at the bottom
Su-City Taraz economical collapses no
no one will help and a gust of bloat
slave Russian body come check
now earussia himself on the year online burdock
server power corkscrew and you can uch
wake up asya in power imperial ambitions
We study together at the end of Sully Yury Ischenko
data
oh style